What is HTTP?
HTTP(Hyper Text Transfer Protocol) is a protocol(set of rules) which defines how servers and web browsers communicates.

What is a URL?
URL(Universal Resource Locators) is refenrence (address) to a web resource

What is DNS?
DNS (Domain Name Service) turns URLs into IP addresses. 

What is a query string?
provides “extra information” and allows pass that to URLs with ?key=value&x=1

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
GET-get data, that is passed with query strings, from the server without changing the server data
POST- send a body of request to the server that manupulates the serve data.

What is an HTTP request?
A request from the client to the server. It has to follow HTTP rules.

What is an HTTP response?
A response from the server to the client. It has to follow HTTP rules.

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
An HTTP header is a field of an HTTP request or response that passes additional context and metadata about the request or response.
    Request Headers: accpet-encoding, accept-language, accept, cache-control
    Response Headers: cache-control, content-type, content-lenght date, 



What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
    1-The browser turn the URL into the corresponding IP address usind DNS.
    2-The browser sends a request with HTTP reuqest headers to the web server following HTTP protocols. 
    3- The server sends back a response. The response could be HTML or other format like JSON. This response inlcudes status code like 200(succes), 301(redirected), 304(unmodified), 404(notfound). 
    4- Then, the browser processed the HTML response and make related requests for other resources needed like css file, img uploads, script files. 
    5-Browser display succesfullly send HTML content. 


icanhazdadjoke.com.     0       IN      A       172.67.198.173
icanhazdadjoke.com.     0       IN      A       104.21.66.15